1. RNUM is of type float
2. NUM is of type integer
3. <bool> represents a boolean type, and may take either a TRUE or a FALSE value
4. The program follows static typing, i.e., the type of a variable has to be declared in advance, and may not change till the end of the variable's lifetime
5. Point
	a. Points may not be type casted to any other type
	b. Widening conversion is not supported for any of the fields within the point when declaring the point
	c. Narrowing conversion via typecasting fails at the parser stage itself when declaring a point
6. Bot
	a. Bots may not be type casted to any other type
	b. Widening conversion is not supported for any of the fields within the bot when declaring the bot
	c. Narrowing conversion via typecasting fails at the parser stage itself when declaring a bot
7. Array
	a. An individual element of an array may be treated as exactly identical to a variable of the corresponding type
	b. No conversions (neither widening conversion nor typecasting) are supported for an entire array as a whole
	c. No conversions (neither widening conversion nor typecasting) are supported when using an array index
8. Widening conversion (coercion) is supported only from an integer to a float. More specifically, if X is an expression of the form E1 <op> E2, where E1 and E2 are expressions, or if X is an assignment statement of the form <type> ID = E3, where E3 is an expression, the coercion happens as follows:
	a. If E1 and E2 evaluate to floats, integers or booleans, and <op> is a relational operator, X is a boolean
	b. If both E1 and E2 evaluate to floats, and <op> is an arithmetic operator, X is a float
	c. If both E1 and E2 evaluate to integers, and <op> is an arithmetic operator X is a integer
	d. If either E1 or E2 is a float, the other is an integer, and <op> is an arithmetic operator, X is a float
	e. If either E1 or E2 is a boolean, and <op> is an arithmetic operator, an error is flagged
	f. If either E1 or E2 is a Point or an array, an error is flagged. However, a single array element is treated exactly like an element of the type ot which the element belongs
9. Conversions
	a. Narrowing conversion from a floating point value to an integer is supported via type-casting, 
		for example, 
			int x = (int) 23.823; 
		is a valid statement, and a value of 23 is stored in x. Note that no rounding happens.
	b. Conversions are not supported from or to the boolean type
	c. Conversions are not supported from or to the Point datatype
	d. Conversions from or to entire arrays are not supported, and an array of one type cannot be interconverted to an array of another type. However, a single array element is treated exactly like an element of the type ot which the element belongs
10. Function calls
	a. Coercion is not supported when passing arguments to a function
	b. Coercion is not supported in the return statement of a function
	c. Coercion is supported when the value returned by a function is used in an expresison or is assigned
	d. Coercion is not supported when a function returns multiple values
	e. Narrowing conversions, according to the rules specified in 8, are supported when passing an argument as input to a function
	f. Narrowing conversion, according to the rules specified in 8, is supported in the function's return statement
	g. Narrowing conversions, according to the rules specified in 8, are permitted when a function has a single return value
	h. Narrowing conversions are not permitted when there are multiple values returned from a function
11. If statements and the conditional part of for loops may have only boolean types, or expressions that give rise to boolean types.
